https://codepen.io/adamP007/pen/ZEpqveB?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    the basic's of fundementals for use of html e.i. h's body p's footer's.
2. What is HTML used for?   
    Structure for creating a website.  
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?     
    an attribute is a source url thats inside of an element.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?   
    h1 tag represents a header usually followed by a p tag. You can use it 6 times total.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes  
    img, src
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?     
    <--DOCTYPE html>
7. What is an id?   
     titles that can only appear once
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    styles
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once
10. What is a class?
    a class is a selector that begins with . and can be used endlessly
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    headers paragraphs
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    infinte
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank">
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    an anchor
15. How do I reference an id?
    #
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    <section> is used for headers and footers and <div> is used to group layouts in css
17. What is CSS used for? 
    the decoration of a webpage
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class is used for more common used data across the page <h1, p > vs id is special and can only be used once 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    . reference
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human">   .human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    everything that gets added onto an element, a button (more layers)
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    *div
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    its usually a hovering or fake element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    <br>
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:2px;
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    SHIFT + F3
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border:1px dashed black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*free comment space*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm, because your files are permentaly deleted
34. Why should I use version control? 
    it intergrates well with github and terminal
35. How often should I commit to github? 
    as often as changes are made.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    -u
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork Reposetory (to make a copy to not harm anyone elses progress)
    Git clone url (fdsj paste to terminal branch)
    cd into folder
    code.
    git checkout -b adam-perry
    git add.
    git commit -m 
    git push -u origin adam-perry
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 